Do you remember when you were 18 and had to move away to study, or when had a opportunity to level up your adult life but that meant you had to move to a different location where you didn't know anyone? 

At InTown we aim to solve this problem by connecting new residents to established leisure spaces where they can build real social connections.

Everyone online talks about how amazing moving away from their first home was , but almost nobody mentions how lonely that experience can be.

Newcomers have no one. And worse, they don't know where to meet new people.
They  pass by the local bar once in a while but not knowing who will be there, they choose to keep walking. Most local businesses almost never promote their events in a way that manages to reach a recurring customer base.

Our solution ? 

An app contains all local events in one place for you to browse. With the tap of a button, you can browse events by vibe , date , price and find what's near you tonight. Join an event and you'll automatically have access to a group chat with the other attendees.

The people our app targets are students who are starting studies in a foreign city,
Young workers who need to match their old social habits as well as expats who are looking to build their life in a new place.

With this , we are supporting 3 of the 17 sdg's helping with social connections , reducing inequalities by inclusion and strengthening the connections inside of urban communities.

Our SMART objectives are :

Launching in one city at first.

Reaching over 3000 active users and 50 local venue partners

Marketing out product both digitally and locally

and

Reducing isolation

Which we hope to achieve within 6 months of launch

Our app operates on a b2b subscription model with 3 different monthly plans priced at 30, 40 and 65 euros respectively, each offering more visibility and data. We also one time event fee is also available.

With 80% of Gen Z discovering brands online, our plan is to market on Instagram and TikTok using organic ads that show real people , not scripted scenes. Every participant will be encouraged to share their experience online in the form of videos/reviews and posts to make consumers feel closer to our brand. 
Our message ? Not about entertainment. According to the Epson press 59% of Europeans who watch events online say they want to participate in them. That statistic is hardly surprising. People today feel more lonely than ever. That's what InTown is for.

Thank you for listening and we hope to see you on InTown.








